---
Id: 1002
Title: Week 2 TITLE
Author: Snehin Kukreja
Tags: Self Mind Math
Topic: Math Self
Abstract: How did I get here and where should I be?
HeaderImage: /BL-1002/Brisbane.jpeg
isPublished: true
---
## What happened this week? {#This-week}

Wow, this week is intense. I already have a couple of assignments due next week and I'm already worrying about how I'll cope with the work and this blog.

It's been a good week so far though! I went to an event with UQ Vegan and it was good to be surrounded by vegans again, food was great and place was vibes (The Burrow - West End). Met some new people and hopefully made some friends too!

As mentioned last week, I'm also in the Social Running Club, however I've had pain in my right knee so, I'm reducing the amount of stomps for now.

## Mark Manson’s Newsletter: The Quickest Way to Improve Your Life {#Mark-Manson}

### Two Things for you to think about:
> A few pursuits will generate most of your happiness. A few people will meet most of your needs. A few projects will result in most of your success.

> What if the answer to improving your life isn’t to do more? What if the answer is to focus on less?

### ONE THING FOR YOU TO ASK YOURSELF
> What can you cut out of your life that will immediately improve it?

Recommended: Use these as journaling prompts for the week.	

### ONE THING FOR YOU TO TRY THIS WEEK
Cut one thing out of your life that dramatically improves it. Let me know how it goes.

Remember: Small changes lead to lasting breakthroughs. Reply to this email and let me know how it went.

## Photo of the Week {#Photo-of-the-Week}

### Assignment

**References:**

- <a href="https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started" target="_blank">Next.js</a>
